README.md, before:

# wellington-schools

A map of Wellington Schools which highlights what They're doing in partnership
with whanau and community.

My long-term goal is thriving resilient community where all our kids needs are
met, and they experience first hand the power of taking agency in their lives to
grow the patterns they want to see in the world.

Concretely, I am starting by gathering stories of awesome school-community
partnerships, initiatives. I want us to be inspired, and maybe even support one
another to activation by sharing the details of those patterns that seem to
really shine.


_This repo currently leans "Eastern suburbs" (near where I live), primary age (my
kids). Open to contributions and expanding_

## Schools

NOTE: consider the notes hearin more like a WIP wiki - i.e. very likely
incomplete, subjective, and slightly out of date. Updates most welcome.

Suburb          | School                                                 | Years
----------------|--------------------------------------------------------|--------
Miramar         | [Miramar North School](./miramar_north_school.md)      | 0-6
Miramar         | [Miramar Central School](./miramar_central_school.md)  |
Seatoun         | [Seatoun School](./seatoun_school.md)                  | 0-8
Seatoun         | [Worser Bay School](./worser_bay_school.md)            |
Lyall Bay       | [Lyall Bay School](./lyall_bay_school.md)              |
Hataitai        | [Hataitai School](./hataitai_school.md)                |
Hataitai        | [Kilbernie School](./kilbernie_school.md)              |
Houghton Valley | [Houghton Valley School](./houghtoun_valley_school.md) |


Other schools:
- Strathmore
    - Scotts College (private)
- Roseneath
    - Roseneath School
- Mt. Victoria
    - St. Mark's School
    - Clyde Quay
- Newtown
    - Newtown Primary School
- Brooklyn
    - Brooklyn Primary
- Vogelmorn
    - Ridgway School
- Island Bay
    - Island Bay School
    - St. Francis de Sales School

Commit message:

add kahurangi, MCS, worser info

README.md, after:

# wellington-schools

A map of Wellington Schools which highlights what They're doing in partnership
with whanau and community.

My long-term goal is thriving resilient community where all our kids needs are
met, and they experience first hand the power of taking agency in their lives to
grow the patterns they want to see in the world.

Concretely, I am starting by gathering stories of awesome school-community
partnerships, initiatives. I want us to be inspired, and maybe even support one
another to activation by sharing the details of those patterns that seem to
really shine.


_This repo currently leans "Eastern suburbs" (near where I live), primary age (my
kids). Open to contributions and expanding (you can contact me on [mix@protozoa.nz](mailto:mix@protozoa.nz))._

## Schools

NOTE: consider the notes hearin more like a WIP wiki - i.e. very likely
incomplete, subjective, and slightly out of date. Updates most welcome.

Suburb          | School                                                 | Years
----------------|--------------------------------------------------------|--------
Miramar         | [Miramar North School](./miramar_north_school.md)      | 0-6
Miramar         | [Miramar Central School](./miramar_central_school.md)  |
Seatoun         | [Seatoun School](./seatoun_school.md)                  | 0-8
Seatoun         | [Worser Bay School](./worser_bay_school.md)            |
Strathmore      | [Kahurangi School](./kahurangi_school.md)              |
Lyall Bay       | [Lyall Bay School](./lyall_bay_school.md)              |
Hataitai        | [Hataitai School](./hataitai_school.md)                |
Hataitai        | [Kilbernie School](./kilbernie_school.md)              |
Houghton Valley | [Houghton Valley School](./houghtoun_valley_school.md) |


Other schools:
- Strathmore
    - Scotts College (private)
- Roseneath
    - Roseneath School
- Mt. Victoria
    - St. Mark's School
    - Clyde Quay
- Newtown
    - Newtown Primary School
- Brooklyn
    - Brooklyn Primary
- Vogelmorn
    - Ridgway School
- Island Bay
    - Island Bay School
    - St. Francis de Sales School
