seatoun_school.md, before:

# Seatoun School

https://seatoun.school.nz/

## Onboarding

Friends of Seatoun School
    - https://seatoun.school.nz/our-school/general-information/foss/
    - meetings twice per term, in school cal
    - emails:
        - fosschair@seatoun.school.nz
        - foss@seatoun.school.nz
    - invited to contact your teacher + principle if you have things to offer

Seatoun Schoool Community Volunteers Guidelines
    - https://seatoun.school.nz/our-school/essential-information/community-volunteers-guidelines/
    - EXEMPLARY!

Long Term Plans
    - https://seatoun.school.nz/news-and-events/team-notices/
    - 


## Initiatives

### 2025

- Parents assisting in classrooms?

### 2024

- Field trips
    - the school maps out potential field-trips, and proposes to community "this can go ahead when we have N parent volunteers"
    - parents motivated to activate by helping?
- Sport-day help
    - once a [week?] there are sport days where activities are set up on field
    - volunteer parents are set up with a "station", and run it

Commit message:

add years, add more info to seatoun

seatoun_school.md, after:

# Seatoun School

https://seatoun.school.nz/

## Onboarding

Friends of Seatoun School
    - https://seatoun.school.nz/our-school/general-information/foss/
        - meetings twice per term, in school cal
        - emails:
            - fosschair@seatoun.school.nz
            - foss@seatoun.school.nz
        - invited to contact your teacher + principle if you have things to offer
    - Facebook group?

Seatoun Schoool Community Volunteers Guidelines
    - https://seatoun.school.nz/our-school/essential-information/community-volunteers-guidelines/
    - EXEMPLARY!

Other cool links which help
    - Long Term Plans
        - https://seatoun.school.nz/news-and-events/team-notices/
        - outline of what the focus is for each year group, for each term

    - FAQ
        - https://seatoun.school.nz/our-school/general-information/frequently-asked-questions/
        - has more info about how to get engaged


## Initiatives

### 2025

- Parents assisting in classrooms?

### 2024

- Field trips
    - the school maps out potential field-trips, and proposes to community "this can go ahead when we have N parent volunteers"
    - parents motivated to activate by helping?
- Sport-day help
    - once a [week?] there are sport days where activities are set up on field
    - volunteer parents are set up with a "station", and run it
